[Outdoor fire test area. Fire truck visible in background.]
[Two small wooden structures positioned side by side: left labeled "UNTREATED", right labeled "TREATED".]
[Text on screen: Equal amounts of kindling, wood, and lighter fluid placed inside both structures and ignited by firefighters.]
[Fire ignites simultaneously inside both structures.]
[UNTREATED structure: flames rapidly spread and engulf the entire left structure.]
[Screen cuts to black. Text: "SIGNAL LOST" — camera on untreated side melted from extreme heat.]
[TREATED structure: fire burns initial kindling only. Flames do not spread to the wood structure itself.]
[UNTREATED structure continues burning with high flames. TREATED structure: fire self-extinguishes as kindling burns out.]
[Firefighter enters and uses hose to extinguish remaining embers in the UNTREATED structure only.]
[Text on screen: "M-Fire AF31 extinguishes fire completely with no firefighter intervention."]
[Before and after comparison displayed. M-Fire Suppression logo, website and phone number shown.]